Add containerd documentation page (#15492)
docker/docker.github.io: desktop/containerd/index.md

---
title: Containerd Image Store (Beta)
description: How to activate the containerd integration feature in Docker Desktop
keywords: Docker, containerd, engine, image store, lazy-pull
toc_max: 3
---

This page provides information about the ongoing integration of `containerd` for image and file system management in the Docker Engine.

> **Beta**
>
> The Containerd Image Store feature is currently in [Beta](../../release-lifecycle.md/#beta). We recommend that you do not use this feature in production environments as this feature may change or be removed from future releases.

## Enabling the Containerd image store feature

The Containerd Image Store beta feature is switched off by default.

To enable this feature:
1. Navigate to **Settings**, or **Preferences** if you’re a Mac user.
2. Select the **Experimental** features tab.
3. Next to **Use containerd for pulling and storing images**, select the checkbox.

> To disable this feature uncheck **Use containerd for pulling and storing images**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To disable this feature, clear the **Use containerd for pulling and storing images** checkbox.
```

Reviewer: https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/development/documentation/styleguide/word_list.html#checkbox
Also what we follow in our style guide. 
Super picky point, the rest looks great

Reviewer 2: Just to clarify, you sent a GitLab docs style link? I'm committing your review suggestion. Let me know when you have a go for Desktop docs/release notes so that I can publish this one as well. Thanks!

Reviewer: Will let you know!

Using default tag: latest
f1edbf6b99d2: Pushed
213ec9aee27d: Pushed
71bf02afcd7a: Pushed
e41da7320a95: Pushed
339d089b539c: Pushed
4a5580ab8335: Pushed
9b18e9b68314: Pushed

```

View Tags on DockerHub to see multi-platform result:

![containerd_feature_tags](../images/containerd_feature_tags.png){:width="750px"}

## Containerd Image Store Release Notes

(2022-09-01)  
The Containerd Image Store is shipped as a [Beta](../../release-lifecycle.md/#beta) feature on Docker Desktop 4.12.0.

### New

Initial implementation of the Docker commands: `run`, `commit`, `build`, `push`, `load`, `search` and `save`.

### Known issues

* The Containerd Image Store feature requires Buildx version 0.9.0 or newer.
    + On Docker Desktop for Linux (DD4L), validate if your locally installed version meets this requirement.  
    >**Note**
    >
    > If an older version is installed, the Docker daemon will report an error: **Multiple platforms feature is currently not supported for docker driver. Please switch to a different driver**.  
    Install a newer version of Buildx following the instructions on [Docker Buildx Manual download](../../build/buildx/install/#manual-download).

> * The Containerd Image Store feature and Kubernetes cluster support in Docker Desktop 4.12.0 are incompatible at the moment. 
> Disable the containerd integration feature from the Experimental features tab if you are using the Kubernetes   from Docker Desktop.

Reviewer 2: Missed this one:
```suggestion
* The Containerd Image Store feature and Kubernetes cluster support in Docker Desktop 4.12.0 are incompatible at the moment. Disable the Containerd Image Store feature if you are using the Kubernetes from Docker Desktop.
```
From Docker Desktop or with Docker Desktop?
